I remember this birthday party I decided
to make a grand entrance I made myself
all beautiful just like my big sister
finally I was perfect
and then went to the stairs to enter
like the belle of the ball when I
finally came out of my room I found the
party going on without me and I kept
posing at the top of the stairs waiting
to be noticed but all I heard was
magdhira that a cool awesome way to get
these made them myself and of course you
all want cake won't you decorate is
rarity one needs a birthday girl when
you've got the birthday girls amazing
these systems that's when I learned
never try to shine with my big sister
around
but perhaps you didn't have the whole
stories
I thought you said you understood Luna
let Sweetie Belle I'm sure she'll be
along at any moment ah I'm tired of
waiting I say we get out of here before
we all keel over from boredom
who's with me poor sweet Belle no pony's
gonna come to another one of her parties
after this fiasco don't go you'll miss
out on the party favors I was going to
save him to the end but we should get
these made to myself and of course
you're all what cake won't you a
birthday girl wouldn't you've got the
birthday girls amazing big sister oh no
no no all of these things were Sweetie
Belle's idea I just assisted with the
execution I guess rarity wasn't trying
to steal the spotlight she was trying to
save my party
[Music]